stats.md improvements (#3514)
puma/puma: docs/stats.md

When Puma runs in single mode, these stats are available at the top level. When Puma runs in cluster mode, these stats are available within the `worker_status` array in a hash labeled `last_status`, in an array of hashes where one hash represents each worker.

* backlog: requests that are waiting for an available thread to be available. if this is above 0, you need more capacity [always true?]

> * running: how many threads are spawned (not running [schemes: leave a comment clarifying the difference]). If min_threads and max_threads are set to the same number,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* running: how many threads are spawned. A spawned thread may be busy processing a request or waiting for a new request. If `min_threads` and `max_threads` are set to the same number,
```
